 pic
María Alejandra Carrasco Guamán
e-mail ale.pca@gmail.com
Cell phone 569 81562661
Santiago, Chile
Pharmacist at Universidad de Chile, with more than one year of experience
in Pharmaceutical Regulatory Affairs.
Employment history
August 2019  to present
Roche Chile Ltda.
Job rotation at Quality Assurance qa department as Qa specialist
September 2018  August 2019
Roche Chile Ltda.
Drug Regulatory Affairs Associate
April 2018  September 2018
Laboratorios Raffo S. A.
Regulatory affairs managers assistant
Assuring compliance with the regulatory framework for the import and
distribution of pharmaceutical products, cosmetics and medical devices,
considering the sanitary registry and its updates, imports, quality
control, reconditioning, distribution and quality management system.
Pharmacovigilance surrogate officer Compiling, supply documentation
evidence and evaluating the reports on quality complaints, adverse
reactions and adverse events coordinating the required measures.
February 2017  March 2018
Laboratorios Saval S. A.
Regulatory affairs advisor product registration
Responsible for post approval changes of medicinal products with marketing
authorization in Latin and South American subsidiaries to which
Laboratorios Saval exports its products digemid  Peru Arcsa  Ecuador
Farmacia y Drogas  Panama Unimed  Bolivia Ministry of Health and
Welfare  Paraguay Ministry of Public Health  Uruguay, among others.
Management of information and activities related to regulatory requirements
to perform such changes creation and maintenance of relevant documentation
system and, finally, assuring compliance of applicable health regulations
in each country.
Responsible for the harmonization of the companys products packaging and
promotional materials, in compliance with current regulations in Chile and
associated countries.
Support in regulatory activities within the area of National Registration,
Laboratorios Saval.
August 2016  January 2017
Labortorios Saval S. A.
Internship to apply for a Pharmacist degree
The internship was carried out for a six-month period at the Regulatory
Affairs Department of the National Registration at Laboratorios Saval S.a.
Activities performed and expertise gained included knowledge and
application of Chilean legal framework for regulatory activities within the
pharmaceutical industry knowledge and use of different features of the
Gicona online platform development and submission of dossiers, post
approval changes of medicinal products, renewals, development of
educational materials maintenance of both digital sap software and
physical documentation systems, as well as teamwork activities.
Education
2011 - 2017
Universidad de Chile - Santiago
Pharmacy degree
Miscellaneous
Application of computational tools Sap Erp Software, Gicona online
information system of the Instituto de Salud Pública, Chile, Windows,
Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
English Intermediate level. Currently upgrading language skills at one-on-
one classes.
Abilities and skills knowledge of Ich and Who guidelines. Good verbal and
written communication skills can be relied upon to communicate in a
consistently effective and professional manner. Excellent attention-to-
detail, and, finally, ability to work effectively both within a team
environment and independently.
Thank you for taking time to read my resume. I am looking forward to
perhaps interviewing with your company.
María Alejandra
